[RHIDP-9494]: Add CloudEvents and Kafka workflow integration documentation (#2137)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/extend_orchestrator-in-rhdh/con-event-driven-workflow-execution-for-enterprise-messaging-integration.adoc

== Why CloudEvents matter for workflow integration

When you integrate workflows with message-driven systems, you need a common event format that works across different platforms and services without custom adapters for each system.

CloudEvents is a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) specification that standardizes how to describe event data across services, platforms, and systems. This common envelope format ensures that systems can produce and consume events without custom integration code for each platform.

A CloudEvent includes required metadata fields such as the event type, source, unique identifier, and specification version.
Optional fields provide additional context such as content type, data schema, subject, and timestamp.
The `data` field contains the event payload itself, which can include structured data relevant to the event type.

For example, a CloudEvent might describe a deployment request, a compliance check trigger, or a customer order placement.
Because CloudEvents standardizes the event format, multiple systems can process these events by using common libraries and tools, reducing integration complexity.

== How your workflows respond to CloudEvents

> When you configure a workflow for event-driven execution, {product-very-short} Orchestrator listens for CloudEvents that match specific event types through Apache Kafka.

Reviewer: Something to consider. The ISG discourages 
[anthropomorphisms](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism).

```suggestion
When you configure a workflow for event-driven execution, {product-very-short} Orchestrator processes incoming CloudEvents sourced from Apache Kafka that match specific event types.
```
